hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2005 film Batman Begins the
first film in The Dark Knight series so
let's get started the film takes place
in the fictional city of Gotham where a
young Bruce Wayne falls down a well and
is attacked by bats developing his fear
of bats Bruce is the heir to Wayne
Enterprises a massive and wealthy
corporation later on we see Bruce and
his parents are at an opera where Bruce
becomes frightened by performer dressed
like a bat and asks his parents if he
can leave once outside his parents are
mugged and killed in front of him by a
man named Joe Chill Bruce is left to be
raised by his Butler Alfred 14 years
later Chill is freed from prison in
exchange for testimony against the mafia
boss carmine Falcone Bruce intended to
murder Chill after his release
however Falcone has Chill killed Bruce's
childhood friend and assistant DA
Rachael berates Bruce for trying to kill
Chill Bruce leaves Gotham to travel the
world and learn new skills and abilities
confront injustice
Bruce meets Henri Ducard who trains him
to become a member of the League of
Shadows a secret martial arts society
led by Rachel Google Bruce is trained to
purge his fears through his training in
part through using Hallucigenia flowers
after completing his training
Bruce learns that the League of Shadows
plans on destroying the city of Gotham
to purge it of corruption and believes
that Gotham is beyond saving
Bruce disagrees starts a fight with the
members of the League of Shadows and
escapes
Rachele Ghul is killed by falling debris
and Bruce saves Ducard from the flames
Bruce returns to Gotham intent on
fighting crime he also takes an interest
in his family's company Wayne
Enterprises which is currently being run
by William Earle Bruce meets with the
company's archivist Lucius Fox who gives
Bruce access to a variety of prototype
military weapons inspired by his fear
Bruce uses the equipment to dome the
vigil
T identity of Batman and sets up his
base in the bat infested caves beneath
his mansion Fabian intercepts one of
Falcone's drug shipments which gives
Rachel enough evidence along with honest
police sergeant James Gordon to arrest
the untouchable crime lord however it
comes to light that a great deal
Falcone's men are declared mentally
unfit by the corrupt doctor Jonathan
crane and are transferred to Arkham
Asylum where crane works as the chief
administrator Falcone threatens to
expose Crain and Crain releases a fear
inducing Hallucigenia drug very similar
to the flowers that Batman initially
trained with and crane dons the burlap
mask that his father had identifying
himself as the Scarecrow while
investigating the Scarecrow Batman
becomes exposed to the drug and becomes
incapacitated
Alfred saves Batman and Fox develops an
antidote with the toxin it is revealed
that the Scarecrow has slowly been
putting Hallucigenia water stream which
will become activated by some stolen
technology
Bevan has three more antidotes where he
gives one to Rachel one to the sergeant
Jim Gordon and one to be analyzed and
mass-produced Duke art appears at
Bruce's 30th birthday party and it is
revealed that he is actually Rachele
ghoul race reveals that he is behind the
Scarecrow and they plan on using a
microwave device that they stole in
order to activate the fear toxin in the
water supply to put Gotham in a state of
panic causing its citizens to kill each
other out of fear raysh sets the Wayne
Manor on fire and leaves Bruce to die
but Bruce is saved again by Alfred raysh
has the microwave device loaded onto the
Gotham monorail but Batman is able to
stop the rail before the device can be
activated Batman refuses to kill race
but he chooses instead to not save him
as the train explodes
Bruce gains Rachel's respect but loses
her love as she decides she cannot be
with him while he is the Batman Bruce
takes the controlling stake in Wayne
Enterprises and makes Fox the new head
of the company Gordon is promoted to
lieutenant and shows Batman the
bat-signal
as he mentions a new criminal who leaves
Joker playing cards behind as a calling
card which helps lead into the next film
The Dark Knight so that was the spoilers
for Batman Begins if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching